docs: add SECURITY.md to the repository (#278)
canonical/mlflow-operator: SECURITY.md

# Security policy

## Supported Versions

The Charmed MLflow project releases with a cadence of ~6 months, supports two minor versions of MLflow, and keeps up to date with the latest upstream version. Whenever a new version of Charmed MLflow is released, the oldest version is dropped from support.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> To report a security issue, file a [Private Security Report](https://github.com/canonical/mlflow-operator/security/advisories/new) with a description of the issue, the steps you took to create the issue, affected versions, and, if known, mitigations for the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a security issue, file a [Private Security Report](https://github.com/canonical/mlflow-operator/security/advisories/new) with a description of the issue, the steps you took that led to the issue, affected versions, and, if known, mitigations for the issue.
```
similarly
